we last left you exploring San Diego
with our buddies tio Aventura since then
we hosted an impromptu meet up with an
amazing turnout from our beautiful
community what was supposed to end at
4:00 p.m. carried on well into the night
to recover from the party we swapped
tiny houses with Chase and Maria and
tried out bus life for 24 hours after an
amazing week together it's time to say
hasta luego as we set our sights on
Mexico good morning friends here we are
on Fiesta Island Bec and I were just
saying how much this has felt like our
home when we go out and we do errands we
say to each other is it time to go home
and Fiesta Island is always hope and
it's like right in the heart of San
Diego it is truly the ultimate place to
live in a vehicle and we have the
ultimate neighbors
sunshine it's probably locked
miggy's we need to be very intentional
that we don't get carried away with time
because it's very easy to lose track of
time here in teal Aventura it's so true
we were supposed to leave yesterday and
now we're having coffee sitting on the
couch with my buddy very dangerous now
we do have to go we just say goodbye oh
girl yeah well you can drink your coffee
and Lily okay
hey yeah likewise me gusta tu sonrisa
thank you I like yours too are you ready
for your 3 minute tour so this is a 1985
toyota dolphin the outside looks like
the 70 year old man I've always wanted
to be and they all updated I'm sure
because I don't really like looking that
creepy all the time I'm always getting
like yeah but so the inside is nice
because everything is built in when I
bought it right like the plumbing and I
have like a little bathroom shower thing
that I didn't really have to do much to
you update the plumbing because it's
from the 80s and like the beds there and
everything is kind of built the cabinets
are already built like I can do
cabinetry but I didn't want to so it's
kind of nice I just had like paint it
all and spruce it up and make it a
little bit more main it was a little bit
more cost-effective I think my Instagram
is at Adventures underscore in
Huck underscore Finn and it's been like
dolphin so Phin n and I run a small
little business out of the here so if
you want to check me out come on over
should we linked up it was awesome
meeting you yeah great
we'll see you soon for sure good bye Ike
stir also you guys have probably seen
Frank in our vlogs turning alleys dog
Frank you ain't got nothing on this guy
with the frisbee Mike do you want to
catch one frisbee for the vlog where do
we keep the frisbee huh in there okay
it's pretty easy to get distracted here
on Fiesta so we got to go we're gonna
pack up hit the road we got some things
we gotta get goin this morning
one of the big upgrades we've done for
Mexico is increase our storage so we
actually went to a luminous here in San
Diego and we've got two back bumpers
installed so we're able to fit like so
many chickpeas in our lives now and the
problem the only problem is that to
access our back drawer now I have to go
out and around pull out the back bumper
and then pull out the drawer so I'm
gonna get my shower stuff from the back
drawer so beck says problem but I don't
see it as a problem it's an amazing
solution to increase storage and still
have access to your back doors so she's
struggling right now because she's never
had to open it but they're really quite
easy to open and here yeah you want to
leave her out of climb this one and then
just pull now a project that want to
finish today is organizing at all yeah
cuz we did get an extra fuel tank which
I need to mount we got these beautiful
max tracks so there's no excuses not to
get to this spot which are basically
like truck tire tracks that you can put
in when you get stuck it's one of those
things that we're gonna say in a couple
of weeks we don't know how we ever lived
without these drawers I'm sure but it
also is gonna take a little bit of
getting used to and adjusting we're
gonna head in the planet fitness shower
up we'll see afterwards
we're almost ready to roll just on hold
here with the insurance provider heading
to Mexico make sure you get travel
insurance our credit card has actually a
really good insurance policy but it's
only for 25 days we got to extend that
we're having a little bit of food you
got to get some water and then we're
going to Mexico we're going to cross the
border babe okay see on the road next on
the to-do list is to fill up diesel now
one of our biggest concerns about going
into Mexico is that the diesel is not as
high-quality as you find in the rest of
North America
so we are also filling up a smaller sort
of supply of diesel so the tank plus our
little what do you call it a jerrican on
the back this is just a little 2 gallon
it's not a whole lot but in a sticky
situation it could really save your butt
can't really see what I'm feeling
did I pay for that yeah but maybe not
I'm gonna go pick up okay I don't know
if it's the coffee but I did pay boy I
don't know what's going on today
it's a Mexico goodness or something I
think you are nervous I do I get quiet
and I get not stressed but like I gotta
wash my hands okay so our friends the
mat knees recommended this taco joint
that's right oh yeah we could go for
tacos on a couple hours we put it in its
14 minutes from us it is crazy how close
we are to Mexico Diego did you tell them
that I went to get wax this morning no
oh well I went to get wax this morning
everybody and I was speaking to the
esthetician who's a local San Diego
it's not the word and she's never driven
across to Mexico I hope that baja bound
and this series can show you guys that
Mexico has amazing amazing culture food
landscape to offer and maybe just maybe
you'll think about going there sometimes
oh you can go nope no she just goes for
the back door that's what I said
two metal boxes strapped to it but she
decides to open the back door
okay welcome to Mexico baby no no what
that's it dude
no maybe a hundred percent look Central
it's finally time break into the stache
ceremony let's see we're working with
hair okay
we've been saving this last year what's
this 20 this is not gonna buy us tacos
whether we're hungry or not we're going
for some time might be the last
opportunity we have so we'll take it
we've been saying that for days now so
like while we're in San Diego we went to
this vegan fast-food place and I kept
saying okay we should pick out and get a
milkshake and everything because this
might be the last vegan opportunity we
have to eat out so you know that's what
we're saying we got to stop saying that
vegan Oh
see perfect so we got one of these they
really know it only cost us seven
dollars and fifty cents a pretty good
deal smells like corn jerky I'd just
like hmm
whoa that is class that's like a fish
taco
without further ado let's see all right
baby girl you're ready to roll you're
supposed to say yes we are going to try
to make it down towards Ensenada for the
evening
apparently there's a little spot where
you can dig out your own little hot cool
and that would sound right up my alley
you are going to fall hi you actually
don't need to get a registration because
unless you're planning a point where in
mainland so we're not a hundred percent
like we're probably going from man lamb
beef always get that not very crossing
yeah so we're just gonna drive to Baja
no problem and you're always allowed to
come back up money if you go through
mainland then you do need to go for that
registration as you probably saw if you
watched our hello Mexico series GoPro
off in thoroughly enjoying our scenic
road trip to Ensenada and we've arrived
in the main town area we've decided to
stop at the local Mart and pick up just
some stuff for breakfast and maybe a
little bit of dinner supplies my big
fingers are crossed because we forgot to
get vegan mail for us famous
we might need one of you guys to
military how are you feeling I don't
know why I'm feeling just a little
anxious mm-hmm
I mean we're by ourselves this time
that's different it's a new country they
don't speak English it's okay yeah I
guess I think it's really good that you
you like share that because it's just
real it just takes some getting used to
going to the main grocery store yet
sorry Anna sorted yeah also Maria you'd
be proud I've been practicing me gusta
tu sonrisa a little bit more of a role I
think I'm working on it
to solve Lisa oh that's not very good
thank you
and so the hunt for vegan mayonnaise
begins
boy there's gotta be a vegan that lives
in Ensenada that's requested it for us
sugar don't fret friends even though
there is no vegan mayo we make a really
good chickpea salad sandwich with
avocado rice I heard it one of my
favorite parts about being back in
Mexico free entertainment free
entertainment on the intersection
highway welcome to our home for this
evening
typically Amon and I would look for a
place on Io Verlander that is either
free or free tonight we were just
feeling a little bit of culture shock
like we talked about a little bit of
like we'd like to have a place that we
feel secure in that we could wake up and
do some like little modifications that
even wanted to do on the van before we
continue so also it's supposed to be
really cool here is that low tide you
can walk out onto the beach and dig a
hole and there's geothermal activity
under the water and you can build
yourself like a little hot tub so the
next one isn't until midnight if we're
still awake maybe we'll go out and show
you guys with our headlamps or 1:00 p.m.
tomorrow didn't take long for the Sun to
go down here at La Jolla beach camp and
we're both feeling very very pooped it
was a mix of emotions Amon is feeling
the the stress again of just learning to
drive again here in Mexico and all that
sort of stuff right yeah just put the
drain on you like like this one police
caught like car like almost hit me and
then we're like driving this truck was
like on the side and there's all these
potholes just like stress and tired
mm-hmm
and yeah just tomorrow's gonna be
amazing
yes so I grew up in a house where if
you're feeling lazy you make popcorn for
dinner so I'm gonna make us a bowl of
popcorn we're gonna lie down just relax
spend some time together and we'll catch
you guys in the morning
mañana por la manana
good morning everybody good morning
everybody
I am feeling a lot better today I think
there was just a mix of emotions last
night and everything just in pot I piled
on itself just I think a lot of it had
to do with you know the uncertainty we
don't have a lot plan here in Baja and
then combined with we booked our travel
insurance and when you go through travel
insurance they start listing off all
these horrible things that can happen to
you so that was in my head and like when
I met Craig Craig was saying how much
security devices he has on his veins go
like this this VIPRE security system and
then one of those crossbars that goes
around the wheel and so I get into
Mexico and these guys start cutting you
off and they're driving fast and so I
was just highly highly stressed and
anxious and I'm sorry baby I did I took
it out on you a little bit but we woke
it up here on this beautiful beautiful
beach with the sun shining and we paid
for the campsite last night just to
insure we wouldn't get woken up and I
feel amazing good babe well you got to
tell them what you're most excited about
it's nothing to do with being in Mexico
I got a project I'll show you now
what I've done here they actually
modified this bungee I had an old bungee
that had plastic hooks on it they don't
want this straightening so I just cut
those off and use this rubber one which
is stronger so that's kind of how I've
got the top in there really so and then
these are the pegs that come for the max
tracks and it's nice because you can put
a padlock right on it so that's kind of
my security of course if someone wanted
them they could just cut them out but I
don't think anyone want not bad I
couldn't put another one on here but I
think that's pretty good dude
next project gas tank mounting this one
is just a big box
there's no shelves so for now we've got
extra food storage and the other one
that we actually got them to put shelves
in so they can have a little bit more
organization but I wanted to leave this
one open so it's a little bit more
versatile on what you could store
basically it's just a little acquire
right now grandpa Vecchio that's mounted
so basically it's just a plate and then
if you want to take it off you just pop
I could see this accessory business
getting very very addicting I'm like
already what's next
while I was out playing as Beck calls it
Beck was in here making a mess in the
kitchen by myself and I wanted to make a
nice awesome big field roast Apple sage
leaves a little bit more color so I'm
going to sprinkle some green onion on
top yeah all right good vibes vivvy good
vibes hey this is awesome
everything's perfectly cooked I'll give
this a solid 8.5 8.5 only so I think I
mentioned yesterday that at low tide
here at La Jolla Beach you can actually
dig yourself your own personal hot tub
so before yeah I wanted to tell him I
didn't realize that it was literally
right here so that's kind of a bonus
that we paid for the site yes because
apparently there's a day use fee to come
and dig your own thing anyways wow it's
windy it better be hot hot if I'm
getting a bikini on
what we're looking for is spots that are
wetter than others and have a little bit
of bubbling going on okay
I think there's a reason why there's no
locals or no one else on this PC oh what
a way to end our sort of stressful day
yesterday and eat again begin our
unbelievable opportunity to explore Baha
super excited to take you guys with us
please subscribe to the channel this is
just the beginning
make sure you like this video share it
with your friends we will catch you in
the next on you guys
good bye